“Tsundoku” is a Japanese word for the habit of buying too many books, letting them pile up in your house, and never reading them.
“Time anxiety” occurs in a person when they are perpetually afraid of being late, or of others being late.
“Strategic incompetence” is the art of avoiding certain tasks by pretending you don’t know how to do them.
“She sells seashells by the seashore” was written about a female paleontologist from the 1800’s. She actually sold dinosaur bones and fossilized shells.
“Schnapsidee” is the German word for a ridiculous idea that only sounds good when you’re drunk.
“Rap God” by Eminem packs 1,560 words into a 6 min 4 sec song. It holds the world record for most words in a hit single.
“Opposites attract” is a common myth. People are actually attracted to people who look like family members, or those with a similar personality type.
“Led Zeppelin” originally wanted to be called “Lead Zeppelin” but they felt that “thick Americans” would pronounce the word wrong.
“Infantry” sounds like “infant” as typically in ancient times an army’s infantry consisted of soldiers too young or too inexperienced to ride a horse and be part of the cavalry.
“Finger Lickin’ Good” had a bit of a mishap when translated to Chinese for their first KFC outlets in the country, the famous phrase became “eat your fingers off”.
“Death by PowerPoint” is a term relating to the intense boredom of useless PowerPoint presentations.
“Darth Vader” is derived from Old Dutch, meaning “Dark Father”.
Ziggy Marley, Bob Marley’s son, wrote the theme song for the popular children’s cartoon, Arthur, when he was 26.
Zebras have only one toe on each foot.
Your tonsils can grow back if there was tissue left behind during the removal process. Sometimes it’s accidental, other times it’s left on purpose.
Your brain uses 20% of the total oxygen in your body.
Young Tyrannosaurus rex’s probably had a thin coat of downy feathers to stay warm. They did not need them as they got older due to their size.
Writing down your worries before taking an exam can help combat test anxiety, improve performance and boost your test scores.
Worldwide cucumber production was 57.5 million tons in 2010 alone, with 40.7 million tons of the production and export happening in China.
World Kindness Day falls on November 13th, and is a day to make the world a better place by showing just a little kindness to everybody.
Without saliva, humans are unable to taste food.
With the exception of a few organs, caterpillars liquefy almost completely while undergoing metamorphosis.
William Shakespeare had a curse engraved on his tombstone to prevent anyone from moving his bones.
Will Smith owed $2.8 Million to the IRS and almost went bankrupt, just before he signed the contract for The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air.
While writing the famous song, “Hallelujah“, Leonard Cohen originally wrote 80 verses for the song which he sometimes interchanges in and out depending on where he’s playing.
While watching a Merry-Go-Round from a bench in Griffith Park, Los Angeles, Walt Disney was struck with inspiration for the creation of Disneyland.
While shedding, geckos will eat their skin in order to prevent predators from finding and eating them more easily.
While hunting, stoats go crazy jumping, spinning, and twisting to get a rabbits attention. This hypnotizes the rabbit until the stoat gets close enough to attack.
While filming Rocky IV, Lundgren hit Sylvester Stallone for real and he ended up in the hospital for nine days.
While filming Dumb and Dumber, Jim Carrey had his crown temporarily removed – that chipped tooth is real and a result of a childhood fight.
While dinosaurs roamed the earth, they lived on every continent including Antarctica.
Whenever Charles Dickens was away from home, he would always realign the bed he was sleeping in to face Northwards, as he felt that this fostered and unlocked his creativity.
When you remember a past event, you are actually remembering the last time you remembered it, not the event itself.
When you have to make a choice, and every choice is a bad one, it’s called a zugzwang.
When you exercise, the burned fat metabolizes to become carbon dioxide, water, and energy. Meaning: you exhale the fat that you lose.
When written down, the word “almost” is the longest word in the English language to have all of its letters in alphabetical order.
When we’re born, the only innate fears we have are the fear of falling, and the fear of loud sounds. All other fears are learned.
When water freezes to ice cubes, it will take up 9% more volume.
When the Titanic sank in 1912, there were 3 dogs which survived. They had all been traveling with their owners in the First Class cabins.
When tea started being sold in bags, originally it was intended to be removed from the bags by customers, but they found it easier to brew the tea still in the bag.
When shuffling a deck of cards, the number of possible arrangements is approximately 8×1067. That’s more than the number of stars in the observable universe.
When mice live in the wild, they typically only live for about six months.
When he was President, George H.W. Bush banned broccoli from Air Force One and the White House.
When double rainbows occur, the colors of the second arc are always reversed.
When dogs are first born, they are completely blind & cannot hear anything. The first sense which they develop is the sense of touch.
When cellophane was invented in 1908, it was originally intended to be used to protect tablecloths from wine spills.
When Space Invaders was created, Tomohiro Nishikado left in the lag caused by more invaders on the screen in order to create greater difficulty in the games.
When Shakira was in second grade, she was rejected for the school choir because her vibrato was too strong. The music teacher told her that she sounded like a goat.
When Play Doh was first developed in the 1930s, it wasn’t a toy… it was a way to clean wallpaper.
When Pink Floyd designed the “Animals” album cover, the inflatable pig tied to the power station broke free, causing Heathrow Airport to cancel all their flights.
When Pablo Picasso died in 1973, he was the richest artist in history.
When Nike first started, it was called Blue Ribbon Sports. The name was changed in 1971.
When Kurt Russell smashed the guitar in “The Hateful Eight” he accidentally destroyed an irreplaceable 145-year old museum piece, instead of one of the replicas.
When George Washington died, Napoleon Bonaparte of France gave a personal eulogy and ordered a ten day mourning period for France.
When Blackbeard captured ships, many of the African slaves on board would go on to become pirates. When he died, nearly one-third of his total crew were former slaves.
Websters Dictionary accidentally had a word that didn’t exist in it for five years – “Dord”.
We feel “hangry” because it’s harder for us to control our emotions when our brains are low on glucose.
Walking uses a total of 200 muscles with every step you take.
Volvo invented the three-point seatbelt, then gave the invention away for free. They decided it was too important of an invention to keep to themselves.
Volkswagen owns Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, Audi, Ducati and Porsche.
Violin bows are commonly made from horse hair.
Videogames have been found to be more effective at battling depression than therapy.
Valentine’s Day in South Korea is a little different. Only women give gifts, not men.
Using tanning beds before age 30 increases your risk of developing melanoma by 75%. Tanning beds and lamps are the in the highest cancer risk category.
Until 2016, the “Happy Birthday” song was not for public use. Meaning, prior to 2016, the song was copyrighted and you had to pay a license to use it.
Underneath the streets of Beijing, there are over a million people who live in nuclear bunkers.
Tutankhamun’s parents were brother and sister.
Triton, one of Neptune’s moons, is gradually getting closer to the planet it orbits.
Triskaidekaphobia is the fear of the number 13.
Tom Hanks had an asteroid named after him which was called “12818 tomhanks“.
To properly write adjectives in order, you would list them by amount, value, size, temperature, age, shape, color, origin, and material.
To leave a party without telling anyone is called in English, a “French Exit”. In French, it’s called a “partir à l’anglaise”, to leave like the English.
Tirana, the capital of Albania has a lot of things in common with other European capitals – except one.  It’s one of two capitals without a McDonalds. The second is Vatican City.
Times Square in New York, was originally called Longacre square until it was renamed in 1904 after The New York Times moved its headquarters to the newly built Times Building.
Tic Tacs got their name from the sound they make when they are tossed around in their container.
Though most think it’s Italian, pepperoni is an American invention. The first use of the word dates back to 1919.
Those cute furry bits inside a cat’s ear are called “ear furnishings”. They ensure that dirt doesn’t go inside and also helps them to hear well.
Thomas Edison invented an electric pen in 1876 that was later adapted to become the first tattoo machine in 1891.
There were two AI chatbots created by Facebook to talk to each other, but they were shut down after they started communicating in a language they made for themselves.
There were only 9 developers on the team for GoldenEye 007 for Nintendo 64, and only one of them had ever worked on a video game before.
There were 19 living men in Austria found to be direct descendants of Ötzi the Iceman in 2013 determined by blood testing.
There was a snail glued to a specimen card in the British Museum mid-1800s. It spent four years glued there before scientists realized it was still alive.
There was a man in the late 1700’s who had such a constant and severe appetite, he was once kicked out from a hospital because they thought he had eaten a toddler.
There is such an expansive collection of books under the British library in their archive, that if a person could read 5 books per day it would take the 80,000 years to complete.
There is an uninhabited island in the Bahamas known as Pig Beach, which is populated entirely by swimming pigs.
There is an underwater version of rugby, unsurprisingly called "underwater rugby". It is a contact sport between 2 teams of 6 competing underwater in a pool to score goals while freediving.
There is an island called “Just Enough Room”, where there’s just enough room for a tree and a house.
There is an insurance policy issued against alien abduction. Around 50,000 policies have been sold, mainly to residents of the U.S. and England.
There is a village in Russia called Tsovkra where every resident can tightrope walk. It is a tradition that dates back over 100 years but no one knows how it started.
There is a town in Nebraska called Monowi with a population of one. The only resident is a woman who is the Mayor, Bartender and Librarian.
There is a town in India called Santa Claus.
There is a statue of Tesla in Silicon Valley that radiates free Wi-Fi. It was done as an homage to his vision for wireless communication.
There is a liquid that you can breathe in called perfluorohexane. Animals can be submerged in a bath of perfluorohexane without drowning.
There is a correlation between pulling an all-nighter and snapping out of depression. This is because the brain gets more active the longer it goes without sleep.
There is a company that sells mirrors that make people look 10 pounds thinner. Overall, the mirrors have contributed to 54% of total sales for retailers that use it.
There is a company in the U.K. that offers “being hungover” as a valid reason for calling off work. They are allotted four hungover days per year.
There is a company in Japan that has schools that teach you how to be funny. The first one opened in 1982. About 1,000 students take the course each year.
There is a United Arab Emirates’ territory inside an Oman’s territory that itself is inside the United Arab Emirates country. It is called Madha village.
There is a Scottish tartan designed for Mars exploration. It was officially registered in 2016 to be worn during Mars science, exploration and outreach activities.
There is a Japanese villaige called Nagoro which has 35 inhabitants, but over 350 scarecrows!
There is a Guinness world record for the longest amount of time needed to create an official government – it is held by Belgium.
There is a British chocolate scientist who insured her taste buds for £1 million.
There exists a plankton, Dinoflagellates, which if consumed, reverses your feeling of hot and cold – as well as hallucinations. Symptoms can last from weeks to years.
There are times when Pluto is closer to the Sun than Neptune – one of these timelines was from 1979 to 1999.
There are over 6,000 known species of grass.
There are only two countries in the world that have the color purple in their flags: Nicaragua and Dominica.
There are no visual difference between male and female herons.
There are more volcanoes on Venus than any other planet within our solar system.
There are more than 70 species of mushroom that glow in the dark.
There are more storms on Mars when the planet is closer to the sun.
There are more stars in space than there are grains of sand on every beach in the world.
There are more people in the U.K. than in Canada, Australia, Norway, and Iceland combined. The U.K population is over 65 million.
There are less than 30 ships in the Royal Canadian Navy which is less than most third-world countries.
There are computers designed for Amish people, with selling points like “No internet, no video, no music”.
There are 30 times more trees on Earth than there are stars in the Milky Way. It’s estimated that there are 100 billion stars, and 3 trillion trees.
The “butterflies” you get in your stomach when you see someone you like is actually a stress response called adrenaline.
The “Pinky Promise” originally indicated that the person who breaks the promise must cut off their pinky finger.
The “Lost” pilot was so expensive (over $10 million) that the Chairman of ABC was fired for green-lighting the project.
The youngest Pope in history was Pope Benedict IX who was 11 years old at the time of election. He is also the only person to have been the Pope more than once.
The world’s oldest surviving bank is “Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena”, which was founded in 1472, and is currently Italy’s 3rd largest bank.
The world’s most remote ATM is run by Wells Fargo in the Antarctic. The ATMs serve around 1,200 residents at the U.S. scientific facility.
The world’s longest place name has 85 letters & is located in New Zealand.
The world’s largest grand piano was built by a 15-year-old in New Zealand. The piano is a little over 18 feet long and has 85 keys – 3 short of the standard 88.
The word “white” comes from the Indo-European root “kweit” meaning “to shine”.
The word “velociraptor” comes from the Latin words “velox” which means swift, and “raptor” which means robber. Literally – speedy robber!
The word “peacock” does not actually apply to both the male and female birds. It’s only the males that are called peacocks, while the females are called peahens. Together, the collective name for them is “peafowl”.
The word “oxymoron” is itself an oxymoron. This is because it derives from Ancient Greek where “oxy” means sharp and “moros” means stupid.
The word “kimono”, literally means a “thing to wear”. Ki is “wear”, and mono is “thing”.
The word “friends” is said in every episode of Friends.
The word “barbarian” originally referred to people who don’t speak Greek. The Greeks thought people who spoke a foreign tongue sounded like they were saying “bar bar bar” all the time.
The word “Gymnastics” linguistically means “to train naked”. It is derived from the two Ancient Greek words “gumnasía” (athletic training, exercise) and “gumnós” (naked). This is because many Greek athletes would train naked for the Olympic games.
The word “Android” means a human with a male robot appearance.
The word robot comes from the Czech “robota”. This translates into forced labor, or work.
The whole Harry Potter series contains 199 chapters, 4,224 pages and 1,090,739 words and has been made into 19 hours and 39 minutes of film.
The voice of Stargazer in Mass Effect 3 was done by Buzz Aldrin.
The unique smell of rain actually comes from plant oils, bacteria, and ozone.
The total spend on adult Halloween costumes each year in America is $1.5 billion.
The total population of insects is estimated to be a billion times greater than that of the human population.
The tongue is the only muscle in the body that is attached from only one end.
The thumbs up sign is believed to have originated from Chinese pilots. It was used to communicate with the ground crew before take-off.
The television was invented only two years after the invention of sliced bread.
The tallest mountain in our solar system, Olympic Mons, is 3 times taller than Mount Everest.
The tall chef’s hat is called a toque.
The swan has over 25,000 feathers on its body.
The spiked dog collar was invented by the Ancient Greeks to protect their dogs from wolf attacks.
The sound of a Star Wars lightsaber was created by paring together the sound of an idle film projector and the buzz from an old TV set.
The smallest thing ever photographed is the shadow of an atom.
The smallest possible measurement of length is known as the Planck Length. Anything smaller than this would break everything we understand about physics
The shower-curtain effect is the phenomenon in which a shower curtain gets blown inward with a running shower. Scientists don’t know what causes this.
The serial number on Darth Vader’s suit of armor was E-3778Q-1.
The scientific name for Giant Anteater is Myrmecophaga Tridactyla. This means “ant eating with three fingers”.
The same brain cycles that occur when asleep, still happen when you’re awake, but in smaller sections. Meaning, parts of your brain are always “falling asleep”.
The radio took 38 years to reach a market audience of 50 million. The television took 13 years and the iPod only took 3 years to reach a market audience of 50 million.
The quietest room in the world in Minnesota is measured in negative decibels – so quiet that you can hear your own heartbeat and your bones moving.
The pumpkin is a member of the cucurbit family, which are gourds, such as cucumbers and squashes.
The process by which bread toasts is called the “Maillard Reaction”.
The police in Belfast, Northern Ireland, used music from an ice-cream truck to calm down angry teen rioters. The music diffused a tense situation, but the officers were reprimanded for it.
The patterns on a giraffe are totally unique – no two giraffes are ever the same.
The original Star Wars premiered on just 32 screens across the U.S. in 1977. This was to produce buzz as the release widened to more theaters.
The only window that opens on the presidential car is the driver’s window, to pay tolls. It also has no keyholes, and only the Secret Service know how to open the doors.
The only letter that doesn’t appear on the periodic table is J.
The only 15-letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is uncopyrightable.
The oldest webcam stream online today is The San Francisco FogCam, and has been operational since 1994.
The oldest unopened bottle of wine was found in a Roman tomb that is over 1,650 years old.
The odds of being born on 29th February are 1 in 1461.
The number of stars on the EU flag doesn’t represent anything. 12 stars were chosen as a number with no political association and for a symbol of unity.
The name for a collective group of rhinoceroses is called a crash.
The name Milky Way derives from the Greek “galaxías kýklos” or “milky circle” due to its appearance as a dim milky band in the sky.
The motto on the United Kingdom’s Royal Coat of Arms is in French. The motto is “Dieu et mon droit”, which means “God and my right”.
The most leaves ever found on a single clover is 56.
The most expensive domain name ever sold was cars.com for an astonishing $872.3 million.
The most difficult Chinese character requires 62 total strokes to write. The word itself, “biang” holds no meaning.
The mongoose is one of those rare animals that is immune to a snake’s venom.
The modern salute is believed to be derived from the way in which French Knights would greet each other by lifting the visors of their helmets.
The mayor of a historical district in Alaska is a cat named Stubbs. Mayor Stubbs drinks catnip laden water from a wineglass every afternoon, at a local restaurant.
The maximum recommended consumption for Monster Energy Drink is 16oz in Australia, but 48oz in the U.S.A.
The manager of Guinness started the Guinness Book of World Records when he got annoyed that he couldn’t find out what the fastest game bird was ever recorded.
The majority of blind people in the U.S. and the U.K. cannot read braille. Statistically, less than 1% of blind in the U.K., and under 10% in the U.S.
The longest unbroken alliance in world history is between England and Portugal. It has lasted since 1386, and still stands today.
The longest Cricket Test match lasted over 12 days between England and South Africa. It only ended because the English team would have missed their boat home.
The longer you spend dating somebody before marrying, the less likely the marriage is to end in divorce.
The letter Z is the least frequently used letter in written English. It is more common in American English than in British English due to spellings differences.
The least common day to be born on is 22nd May.
The lead singer of The Offspring started attending school to achieve a doctorate in molecular biology while still in the band. He graduated in May 2017.
The last picture taken of John Lennon while he was alive had his killer in the frame.
The largest stadium in the world is the Rungrado 1st of May Stadium in North Korea. It can hold up to 114,000 spectators. It covers 51 acres and is 197 feet tall.
The largest snowflake in the world was found in 1887 it was 15 inches wide and 8 inches thick.
The largest living thing on earth is a giant sequoia named General Sherman.
The largest known prime number has 17,425,170 digits. The new prime number is 2 multiplied by itself 57,885,161 times, minus 1.
The largest Japanese population outside of Japan stands at 1.6 million people who live in Brazil.
The inventor of Vaseline, Robert Chesebrough, ate a spoonful of the stuff every single day.
The insurance company backing the payouts for “Who Wants to be a Millionaire” sued the show for being too easy.
The human eye is so sensitive that, if the Earth were flat and it was a dark night, a candle’s flame could be seen from 30 miles away.
The highest body count in film history goes to “Lord of the Rings: Return of the King” with 836 on-screen deaths.
The hand and footprints in front of the Chinese Theater tradition started accidentally when silent film actress, Norma Talmadge stepped on wet cement.
The group of spikes at the end of stegosaurid tails are called the “thagomizer”. They had no distinct name until the term was coined in 1982 by a cartoonist.
The goliath frog is the largest frog in the world and can grow up to 12.5inch (32cm) in length, and weigh up to 7.2 pounds (3.3kg).
The front paws of a cat are different from the back paws. They have five toes on the front but only four on the back.
The flashes of colored light you see when you rub your eyes are called “phosphenes”.
The first world leader to create a YouTube channel was the British Prime Minister, Tony Blair who made his account in 2007.
The first spacecraft to visit Mars was Mariner 4 in 1965.
The first service animals were established in Germany during World War I. References to service animals date as far back as the mid-16th Century.
The first roller coaster was used to transport coal down a hill. After people found that it could reach speeds up to 50 miles per hour, tourists asked to ride on it for a few cents.
The first movie ever to put out a motion-picture soundtrack was Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.
The first ever documented feature film was made in Australia in 1906.
The first computer virus ever created was called Creeper, back in 1971. Shortly after this virus was created, Reaper was created as the world’s first anti-virus.
The first band to ever perform live on all seven continents was Metallica.
The first Primark store opened in Dublin in June 1969 under the name Penney’s.
The first Game Boy could run for a staggering 30 hours on only two AA batteries!
The fear of vegetables is called Lachanophobia.
The fear of cooking is known as Mageirocophobia and is a recognized phobia.
The famous line in Titanic from Leonardo DiCaprio, “I’m king of the world!” was improvised.
The famous Lacoste crocodile symbol was created in 1933, and was the first designer logo ever.
The entire world population could fit in Texas allotting 330 square feet per person. The area of Texas is about 262,000 square miles.
The earliest mention of the mythical creature, the Unicorn, dates back from as far as 2700 BC in Asia, and was described as a creature of great power and wisdom.
The distance from your wrist to your elbow is the same length as your foot.
The creators of the PNG image file format wanted it to be pronounced as “ping”.
The costume designers for The Lord of the Rings worked for two straight years making custom armor. Just one Orc suit had 13,000 rings and took 3 days to make.
The color red doesn’t really make bulls angry; they are color-blind.
The collective name for a group of unicorns is called a blessing.
The collective group of lemurs is called a conspiracy.
The closest living relatives of hippopotamuses are whales, dolphins and porpoises.
The centre of a comet is called a nucleus.
The cardboard holder that you often get around a takeaway cup of coffee is called a “zarf”.
The call of a Kookaburra is used as the stock jungle sound effect in many movies and shows set in the jungles of Africa or South America, even though they are only in Australia and New Guinea.
The blue whale’s heart is the size of a VW Beetle and weighs up to 1,000 lbs (453 kg).
The average temperature of a beehive is the same as a human body. Bees flap their wings to regulate heat.
The average person takes 12 seconds to count to 24.
The average person in France sleeps 8.83 hours per day, the most in the developed world.
The average life expectancy of a toucan is a very impressive 20 years.
The average inmate at Alcatraz read 75-100 books per year.
The average human heart beats 3.6 million times a year.
The average computer user blinks seven times a minute, the normal rate is twenty times per minute.
The average U.S. household has 300,000 things, from paper clips to ironing boards. U.S. children make up 3.7% of children on the planet but have 47% of all toys and children’s books.
The average American child is given $3.70 per tooth that falls out.
The atomic number of zinc is 30.
The age of the Universe is estimated to be 13.7 billion years. The oldest stars in the Milky Way, found in globular clusters, are 13.6 billion years old.
The Vatican had music which was forbidden to be copied and was only played twice per year. It was secret for almost 150 years until a 14-year-old Mozart heard it and transcribed it from memory.
The United States Department of Agriculture says the official definition of a sandwich is: “at least 35 percent cooked meat and no more than 50 percent bread”.
The Triangle took nearly 100 years to become a popular orchestral instrument.
The Stockholm archipelago has more islands than the Pacific Ocean at around 30,000.
The Roman – Persian wars are the longest in history, lasting over 680 years. They began in 54 BC and ended in 628 AD.
The Poodle is one of the cleanest breeds of dog, making them a great choice for people with pet allergies. They don’t moult much at all, and they rarely smell either.
The NYPD had a police officer follow Andre the Giant whenever he went out drinking. This was to make sure he didn’t get drunk and fall on anyone.
The Monster in Frankenstein was never actually named, although the Monster itself proposed the name “Adam”.
The Lion King was originally called “King of the Jungle” before they realized that lions don’t actually live in jungles.
The Lego Group is the world’s most powerful brand. There are more Lego minifigures than there are people on Earth.
The Leaning Tower of Piza is tilted because of the soft soil that it’s built on – which has also protected it from at least 4 powerful earthquakes.
The Latin name for banana is “musa sapientum” which translates to fruit of the wise men.
The King of Macedon threatened Sparta with “If I bring my army into your land, I will raze your city”. The Spartans replied: “If”. No attempt was made to capture the city.
The Japanese term for a Shotgun Wedding is “Dekichatta kekkon”, which literally translates to “oops-we-did-it-marriage”.
The Hogwarts Express from the Harry Potter movies is a real train in Scotland.
The Hobbit has been published in two editions. In the first edition, Gollum willingly bet on his ring in the riddle game.
The Guinness World Record for the time longest spend searching for the Loch Ness Monster, is held by Steve Feltham who camped at Loch Ness for 25 years.
The Green Lantern debuted in 1940, making the Lantern’s first debut only two years after Superman’s.
The Great Wall of China is 3,728 miles long.
The Great Pyramid of Giza actually has eight sides, rather than four. All of the other pyramids have just four sides.
The Ethiopian calendar is 7.5 years behind the Gregorian calendar due to the fact that it has 13 months.
The Empire State building only took a little over a year to build (410) days and it was 12 days ahead of schedule when completed.
The Earth is the only planet in our solar system not named after either a Greek or Roman God.
The EU didn’t want to showcase any country over another, so the architecture on each EU banknote was created by a computer to make neutral designs.
The Danish flag is the oldest current flag of a sovereign state. It was adopted in 1370 or earlier. The second oldest is Netherlands at 1572.
The Cesky Terrier is the rarest breed of dog in the world. Around 350 of them exist in total worldwide.
The Canadian government isn’t sure when Canada became a sovereign state. Its Supreme Court ruled that sovereignty occurred sometime between 1919 and 1931.
The Buddha commonly depicted in statues and pictures is a different person entirely. The real Buddha was actually incredibly skinny because of self-deprivation.
The British tried to invent a ship made out of wood pulp and ice during World War II. Called Project Habakkuk, it was shelved due to costs.
The British government coined the slogan, “Keep Calm and Carry on” during World War 2 in order to motivate citizens to stay strong.
The British Pound is the world’s oldest currency still in use at 1,200 years old. The pound has been an identity as a symbol of British sovereignty.
The Bagheera kiplingi spider was discovered in the 1800’s and is the only species of spider that has been classified as vegetarian.
The Apple Lisa was the first commercial computer with a graphical user interface (GUI) and a mouse.
The A.D. and B.C. system was not proposed until 525 A.D. by a monk. However, it was not widely used until the 9th Century.
The 6th largest pyramid in the world is a Bass Pro Shops in the Memphis Pyramid. At 32 stories tall, it also has the tallest freestanding elevator in the U.S.
The 1831 London Bridge was sold in 1962 when it needed to be replaced. It was bought by Lake Havasu City, Arizona, to help tourism.
Temperature effects your attitude towards others. For example if you hold a warm coffee as opposed to a cold coffee, you are more likely to be more selfless towards others.
Swedish meatballs originated from a recipe King Charles XII brought back from Turkey in the early 1800s.
Sweden has the most islands in the world, with 221,800 islands.
Suriphobia is the fear of mice.
Surgeons who play video games at least 3 hours a week perform 27% faster and make 37% fewer errors.
Sunflowers can help clean radioactive soil. Japan is using this to rehabilitate Fukashima. Almost 10,000 packets of sunflower seeds have been sold to the people of the city.
Sudan has more pyramids than any country with 255. They outnumber Egyptian pyramids by twice the amount.
Steven Spielberg and George Lucas wanted to make an animated Calvin and Hobbes movie. The author declined because he wanted to protect the integrity of the comic.
Sprite was manufactured as Coca-Cola’s response to the popularity of 7 Up.
Spam mail got its name from the canned meat after a Monty Python skit that made fun of Spam as tasting “horrible and being ubiquitous and inescapable”.
Soviet Russia needed lighthouses on their uninhabited Northern Coast, so they built automated lighthouses powered by small nuclear reactors.
Sour Patch Kids are from the same manufacturer as Swedish Fish. The red Sour Patch Kids are the same candy as Swedish Fish, but with sour sugar.
Sonic the Hedgehog is in the Guinness Book of World Records for being the fastest gaming character ever.
Some butterfly species are extremely fast; the Skipper Butterfly can fly faster than a horse can run.
So far, two diseases have successfully been eradicated: smallpox and rinderpest. The last case of smallpox was in 1977, and the last of rinderpest was in 2001.
Snakes can help predict earthquakes. They can sense a coming earthquake from 75 miles away, up to five days before it happens.
Snakes and lizards both molt out of their old skin as they grow. Investigators have come to the conclusion that dinosaurs may have also molted.
Small as they may be, ladybugs have a unique smell that humans are incredibly sensitive to.
Since 1955, 50% of the population of Niger is consistently under 16 years old. The total current population is 21,600,000.
Since 1497, the United Kingdom has printed their laws on vellum, made from calf or goat-skin. They continue to do this in order to uphold the tradition.
Several African countries don’t like second-hand clothes being imported to their countries because it is destroying their local textiles industry.
September 3rd is International Bacon Day.
September 25th is known as “World Dream Day” – a day about chasing your dreams, no matter how big or small they may be!
Selfies now cause more deaths than shark attacks. It is estimated there are 28 selfie related deaths per year, with the leading cause being heights.
Scrappy-Doo, widely considered to be one of the most hated characters in fiction, has not appeared in an animated Scooby-Doo production since 1988 due to audience backlash.
Scotland was one of the few countries able to hold off being conquered by the Romans in the first century A.D.
Scotland wanted to replicate the Parthenon bigger and cheaper in 1826. It was never completed and is now nicknamed “Scotland’s Disgrace”.
Scientists have no idea how dinosaurs mated.
Scientists discovered sharks that are living in an active underwater volcano. Divers cannot investigate because they would get burns from the acidity and heat.
Saturn is so big that Earth could fit into it whooping 755 times!
Santa Claus was issued a pilot’s license from the U.S. government in 1927. They also gave him airway maps and promised to keep the runway lights on.
San Marino is the fifth smallest country in the world (and the third smallest in Europe).
Samsung means “three stars” in Korean. This was chosen by the founder because he wanted the company to be powerful and everlasting like stars in the sky.
Saint Lucia is the only country in the world named after a woman. The country was named after Saint Lucy of Syracuse by the French.
Russia has the most man-made satellites in orbit with 1,324. There is a total of 2,271 and U.S. is in second place at 658.
Roughly 33% of cats are not effected by catnip. The euphoric reaction commonly associated with catnip is hereditary.
Researches have found that flossing your teeth can help your memory. Flossing prevents gum disease, which prevents stiff blood vessels, which cause memory issues.
Reindeer are one of the only mammals that can see UV light.
Red pandas have no living relatives – they aren’t even related to giant pandas.
Rebecca Felton was the first woman to ever serve for the United States Senate – but she only served for one day.
Ralph Lauren’s real name was Ralph Lifshitz.
Rabbits can be literally “scared to death” if approached by a predator when they are totally unaware.
Queen Elizabeth saved up post-war clothing ration coupons in order to pay for her wedding dress in 1947.
Queen Elizabeth has a personal net worth of 425 million dollars. That includes the $65 million Sandringham House and $140 million Balmoral Castle.
Qantas Airways once powered an interstate flight on cooking oil. This marked Australia’s first commercial flight using sustainably derived biofuel.
Putting your phone in airplane mode will stop ads while playing games.
Pure cocoa can help prevent tooth decay. Naturally occurring chemicals in cocoa beans fight harmful bacteria in the mouth.
Puma, cougar, and mountain lion are names for the exact same animal. The scientific name is puma, but they are more commonly referred to as cougars.
Psychopaths can only think of the possible positive consequences of their actions, not the negative ones.
President Ulysses S. Grant was arrested while in office. He was charged, booked, and released for speeding on a horse, and had to pay a fine.
Popularized by the Shakespeare play, many people think Julius Caesar’s last words were “And you, Brutus?” In reality, he said “You too, my child?”
Pope Francis used to be a nightclub bouncer.
Polygamy is the practice of having more than one husband or wife at the same time. Polygyny is where a man is married to more than one woman, and Polyandry is where a woman is married to more than one husband.
Polar bears often hunt walruses by simply charging at a group of them and eating the ones that were crushed or wounded in the mass panic to escape. Direct attacks are rare.
Pitbulls rank high among the most affectionate and least aggressive dogs. Pitbulls are only aggressive when forcibly trained as such; usually for illegal dog fighting.
Pistanthrophobia is a common fear of trusting people due to past experiences with relationships gone bad.
Per capita, the happiest countries in the world also rank highest in terms of consumers of antidepressants.
People who post their fitness routine to Facebook are more likely to have psychological problems.
People who donate blood in Sweden are sent a text message each time their blood saves a life.
People can suffer from a psychological disorder called Boanthropy that makes them believe they are a cow.
Paul McCartney was only paid £1 for performing at the 2012 London Olympics Closing Ceremonies. 
Pantheism is belief that God did not create the universe, but rather the universe is God.
Paddington Bear has 2 birthdays (just like the Queen). Paddington celebrates his birthdays on 25th June & 25th December.
Owls have specialized feathers where the edges protrude out to dissipate air flow. This means that they are able to fly silently and are highly deadly hunters.
Overall Subway, actually has more chains than the fast-food juggernaut, McDonald’s.
Out of the 400 species of parrots, there is only one that can’t fly, called the Kakapo parrot.
Orlando Bloom has swinophobia, which is a fear of pigs!
Originally, the Eiffel Tower was going to be erected in Barcelona, but the project was rejected because citizens thought it was an eyesore.
Originally, bumper cars were not supposed to hit each other. Drivers were actually supposed to avoid crashing in spite of chaotic driving. The first company to patent a bumper car was in 1920 named Dodgem.
Only primates, humans, and opossums have opposable thumbs. Out of these, the opossum is the only one with no thumbnail.
Only 2% of the world’s population has green eyes.
One of the smartest bird species is the magpie. They can even recognize themselves in mirrors.
One of the most widely used symbols for medical assistance is actually the Swiss flag, and not a medical symbol.
One of the earliest depictions of dreadlocks dates back to 1600 BC to the Minoan Civilization, one of Europe’s earliest civilizations, who lived in what is now known as Greece.
One in every four cranes in the entire world is in Dubai.
One horse can have approximately 15 horsepower. Horsepower is about 746 watts. The term was coined in the late 18th Century.
One habit of intelligent humans is being easily annoyed by people around them, but saying nothing in order to avoid a meaningless argument.
On one slow news day on April 18th, 1930, a BBC radio announcer blatantly said “there is no news”.
Of the 70% of water covering the Earth only 3% of it is fresh, the other 97% of it is salted.
Octopuses only touch in situations of mating or aggression. Female octopuses sometimes do both, strangling and eating the male after mating.
Octopuses and squids have beaks. The beak is made of keratin – the same material that a bird’s beak, and our fingernails are made of.
October 19th is “Evaluate Your Life Day” – a day to think about your situation in life & wonder how it could be improved. Be sure to weigh the good and bad!
Nutella was invented during WWII, when an Italian pastry maker mixed hazelnuts into chocolate to extend his chocolate ration.
Nowhere in the Bible does it say there were three wise men, just three gifts.
Nowadays, millionaires with just $1 million isn’t considered wealthy anymore by most Americans. Now, the typical American sees at least $2.4 million as wealthy.
November 17th is known as “Unfriend Day”. On this day you should unfriend anybody who you don’t know or speak to.
Not all hamsters are small. Although some hamsters are as small as 2-4 inches, the largest ones are approximately 13 inches long.
Norway has a 25 year statute of limitation on murder. This means if the murder happened more than 25 years ago, they cannot be charged.
Northern Korean people are legally only allowed to have one of 28 haircuts. Men and women can choose from 14 different styles.
Non-violent attempts to escape Mexican prisons are not punished because “it’s human nature to want freedom”.
Nobody knows how the Academy Awards came to be referred to as the Oscars. The earliest mention was 1932, and was made official in 1939.
No relationship is ever a waste of your time. If it didn’t bring you what you want, it taught you what you didn’t want.
Nike was founded on January 25th 1964 by Bill Bowerman and Phil Knight.
Neptune was the first planet to be found through mathematical predictions rather than telescopic location.
Nepal has the most mathematical flag in the world. It even has an article in its constitution that details the steps of drawing the flag.
NASA stands for “National Aeronautics and Space Administration”.
Mulan has the highest kill-count of any Disney character, including villains, and was the first Disney Princess to be shown killing people on-screen.
Mr. and Mrs. originated from using the words master and mistress.
Most catfish are normally active at night, however the Peppered Cory Catfish is active more often during the day.
More tornadoes occur in the United Kingdom per square mile than any other country in the world.
Mona Lisa was stolen from the Louvre in 1911, which drew more visitors to see the empty space than the actual painting.
Mob boss Vincent Gigante used to wander around New York in his bath robe to convince the police he was insane and avoid capture.
Mickey Mouse was the first ever cartoon character to talk. In the 1929 episode, The Karnival Kid, Mickey’s first words were “Hot dogs!”
Mercury and Venus are the only two planets in our solar system that do not have any moons.
Medieval chastity belts are a myth. A great majority of examples now existing were made in the 18th and 19th centuries as jokes.
Marvel’s Deadpool issue #27 holds the Guinness World Record for the most comic book characters on one cover.
Marie Antoinette’s last words were to her executioner after accidentally stepping on his foot, saying, “Pardon me sir, I meant not to do it”.
Margherita Pizza uses tomato, mozzarella, and basil toppings to represent the Italian national flag. It was originally to honor the Queen of Italy in 1890.
March 3rd is known as “What if Cats and Dogs Had Opposable Thumbs Day”.
Manatees can get frostbite in water below 68 degrees Fahrenheit (20°C). Their fat is not designed to insulate them from the cold.
Malta’s official language is Maltese; however the majority of the population also speaks English.
Male cats are called toms and females are called queens or mollies.
Makeup has been used by women since before Cleopatra’s time. They would use berries and other fruits to give their faces some color.
Madagascar once was a stomping ground for lemurs which were the size of today’s gorillas.
Madagascar got its name when Marco Polo misspelled it. The name stuck and the island was christened to the name in 1500.
MIT, often cited as one of the world’s most prestigious universities, puts almost all of its course materials online for anyone to access for free.
Losing Weight is the most common New Year’s resolution.
Long ago, people chewed on tree bark as a method of pain relief. Willow bark has a high amount of salicylic acid, an ingredient still used in aspirin today.
Logan was the most complained about movie in the U.K. in 2017 as viewers felt that the movie was too violent for its 15 rating.
Llamas can be used as guards against coyote attacks on sheep herds. Studies have proven that just one guard llama is an effective protector and can even kill the attacking coyotes.
Liège, Belgium tried to use 37 cats to deliver mail in the 1870’s. Most of the cats took up to a day to deliver the mail, and the service was short lived.
Lettuce is a member of the sunflower family.
LegoLand Billund opened on the 7th June 1968, and attracted over 3,000 visitors on the first day!
Leather products like handbags or shoes can be polished with the inside of a banana skin, simply rub it on and wipe off with a cloth.
Lake Superior contains 10% of the world’s freshwater.
King Kong was the first movie to ever have a sequel.
Kangaroos keep growing until they die. They are the world’s largest marsupial.
Justin Bieber’s first tweet was at 8:27pm on May 11, 2009.
Jupiter has 69 moons. A few are 12-37 miles in diameter, but most are barely 1 mile in size. Jupiter itself is 317 times the mass of the Earth.
Jupiter completes a rotation of the Sun every 11.86 years.
Julius Caesar’s only son, Caesarion, was the last Pharaoh of Egypt. Even though Cleopatra swears he is Caesar’s son, Caesar never officially acknowledged him.
Johnny Cash took only three voice lessons before his teacher advised him to stop taking lessons and to never deviate from his natural voice.
John Steinbeck was born on February 27th, 1902. He wrote 27 books including Of Mice and Men.
Joe Arridy had an IQ of 46 and is known as the “happiest prisoner on death row”. He went into the gas chamber with a smile. It turned out he was innocent.
Jennifer Lopez was the first actress to have a movie and an album hit number one in the same week.
Jellyfish are considered biologically immortal. They don’t age and will never die unless they are killed.
Japanese people rarely leave rubbish on the streets. As a result, Japan doesn’t need janitors.
Japan is facing a ninja shortage. There is a high demand for “ninja shows”, but it is a dying tradition and companies have trouble time finding properly trained ninjas.
January 17th is known as “Ditch New Year’s Resolution Day”.
Jack Daniel (the founder of the whiskey) died from kicking a safe. When he kicked it, he broke his toe which got infected. He eventually died from blood poisoning.
It’s not just humans who are right or left-handed. Most female cats prefer using their right paw and males are more likely to be left-pawed.
Italy built an entire courthouse to prosecute the Mafia. They charged 474 members in a trial that lasted from 1986-1992. To date, it was the biggest trial in the world.
It was Nicholas Cage who first advised Johnny Depp to pursue a career in acting, during the mid-1980s.
It takes Uranus 84 years to orbit the Sun once.
It snows metal on planet Venus! There are two types that have been found, galena and bismuthinite.
It snowed in the Sahara desert for 30 minutes on the 18th February 1979.
It requires seven to eight trees to provide enough oxygen for just one person per year.
It is thought by Russians that eating ice cream will keep you warm.
It is illegal to play a musical instrument in the Northern Territory, Australia, for the purpose of annoying other people.
It costs almost $290,000 per year in fees to run a hot dog cart near the Central Park Zoo in New York City. This does not include cart incurred costs.
Intentionally farting on a California prison guard can get you an additional 11 years in prison.
Instead of having an army, Andorrans all must keep a rifle. The law also says that police officers can offer up a firearm if the need arises.
Instead of an agent Bill Murray uses a 1-800 number where you can leave a message for him if you want to cast him for a movie or event.
In “Part 1” of the Battlestar Galactica mini-series, there is a scene where Serenity, the ship from Firefly, can be seen flying through the sky.
In the popular film, The Godfather, the word “mafia” is never said because the actual mafia commanded it.
In the popular 2014 movie “Godzilla“, the Godzilla portrayal was only seen for about 8 minutes in the entire film.
In the original Psycho movie, the blood in the famous shower scene was actually chocolate syrup.
In the film Star Wars Episode Three: Revenge of the Sith, every single one of the Clone Troopers was produced using CGI effects.
In the early 1900s, there was a pod of killer wales who helped humans hunt down other wales in Australia. They would do this for the fins and tongues of the captured whales as rewards and this agreement was known as “The Law of Tongue”.
In the United States, each person owns an average of seven pairs of blue jeans. That’s one for every day of the week!
In the Philippines, you can buy spaghetti at McDonald’s, where they also sell a “McDo” piece of chicken.
In the Philippines, it is considered good luck if a coconut is cleanly split open without jagged edges.
In the 1830s, then ruler of Egypt Muhammad Ali Pasha wanted to disassemble the Giza Pyramids and use them as pre-cut building materials. Thankfully, the Quantity Surveyor for the project fudged the figures and made it look like it would cost too much to save them.
In season 5 of Breaking Bad, Aaron Paul (Jesse) was paid $150,000 per episode.
In over 35 British divorce cases in 2012 alone, the video game “Football Manager” was cited.
In order to protest the high tariffs enforced by a U.K. censorship board, a filmmaker sent in a 10 hour “movie” of white paint drying. They had to watch the entire film.
In order to protect themselves from poachers, African Elephants have been evolving without tusks.
In general, people tend to read as much as 10% slower from a screen than from paper.
In feudal Japan, lords purposely built homes with squeaky floors as a defensive measure against ninjas.
In every scene of Fight Club, there is a Starbucks coffee cup.
In a survey, 33% of dog owners admitted to chatting over the telephone to their dogs.
In a human foot there are 26 bones.
In a few Appalachian forests there are fireflies that glow blue for up to a minute instead of flashing yellow.
In Zimbabwe it is illegal for citizens to make offensive gestures at a passing car.
In World War II, Germany tried to collapse the British economy by dropping millions of counterfeit bills over London.
In Switzerland, it is illegal to own just one guinea pig. This is because guinea pigs are social animals, and they are considered victims of abuse if they are alone.
In Switzerland, it is illegal to flush the toilet after 10pm.
In New Delhi, if a tree falls sick, an ambulance is dispatched to treat them. This came into effect in 2009 and takes four people to do the job.
In Korea, there is a breed of dog called a Sapsali which was originally thought to banish ghosts and evil spirits.
In Japanese legend, it is said that anyone who folds 1,000 origami cranes will be granted a wish by the gods.
In Japan, many families eat a KFC for Christmas Dinner. Many people order their meals months in advance and queue for hours to collect them.
In Japan, Domino’s started testing pizza delivery via reindeer in 2016.
In Israel, it is illegal to bring bears to the beach.
In Indonesian, there is a word, “Jayus”, that means “A joke told so poorly, and so unfunny that one cannot help but laugh”.
In India, the flying of a kite is illegal under a 1934 law, which classes kites as an aircraft.
In Halden prison in Norway, guards are encouraged to interact, play sports, and eat with the inmates. This is to prevent aggression and create a sense of family.
In Greece, women are not legally allowed to wear high heels or tall hats in the Olympic Stadium.
In English, twelve is the largest number that has just one syllable.
In Colorado, USA, there is still an active volcano. It last erupted about the same time as the pyramids were being built in Egypt.
In Cambodia, rats are being trained to sniff out land mines. They can clear 200 square meters in less than 35 minutes, which usually takes 2-3 days with a de-miner.
In Bruges, Belgium, there an underground pipeline that runs 2 miles to transfer beer from a brewery to the bottling plant.
In Australia, there are nearly twice the amount of kangaroos as there are humans.
In Ancient Greece, throwing an apple to a woman was a symbolic declaration of love, and to catch it was to show acceptance of that love.
In America it is a federal crime to use your roommate or friend’s Netflix account.
In 2017, Adidas sold over 1 million pairs of shoes made from recycled ocean plastic, each pair taking 11 plastic bottles to make.
In 2014, Princeton researches determined that Facebook would lose 80% of its users by 2017.
In 2013, a plant was genetically spliced that grew tomatoes above ground, and potatoes underground. It is called the TomTato.
In 2009, Stephen Hawking held a reception for time travelers, but didn’t publicize it until after. This way, only those who could time travel would be able to attend. Nobody else attended.
In 2007, Scotland spent £125,000 devising a new national slogan. The winning entry was: “Welcome to Scotland”.
In 2006, a Coca-Cola employee offered to sell Coca-Cola secrets to Pepsi. Pepsi responded by notifying Coca-Cola.
In 2005, Connecticut was accidentally issued an Emergency Alert to evacuate the entire state. Only about 1% of the people actually tried to leave.
In 2000 the first permanent crew inhabited the International Space Station (ISS), and have been there ever since.
In 1999, PayPal was voted as one of the top ten worst business ideas.
In 1998, David Bowie released an internet provider called BowieNet. Subscribers were offered exclusive content and a BowieNet email. It was shut down in 2006.
In 1994, the company who had a patent on GIFs tried to charge a fee for using GIFS. The PNG was invented as an alternative, and the company backed down.
In 1993, Aleksandr A. Serebrov took his Game Boy to space. Later, it was auctioned for $1,220 and is said to have orbited earth 3,000 times.
In 1992, a shipping crate containing 28,000 rubber duckies fell overboard. They washed up around the world for the next 20 years.
In 1986, a soviet Aeroflot pilot tried to land the plane blindly with all the windows curtained due to a bet with the co-pilot. He crashed and killed 70 of the 94 passengers on board.
In 1942, a 12-year-old lied about his age to join the Navy. He became a decorated war hero at age 13 but was thrown out of the Navy after his mom found out.
In 1937, a major fire broke out at the Fox Film studios in New Jersey. The fire destroyed 75% of their movies, including most of their silent films.
In 1923, a jockey suffered a fatal heart attack but his horse finished and won the race, making him the first and only jockey to win a race after death.
In 1907, a woman was arrested on a beach in Boston for wearing a one-piece swimsuit.
In 18th Century England, having a pineapple was a symbol of wealth because of high import fees. They would be used as displays instead of being eaten.
In 1325, two Italian city states fought over a bucket which resulted in 2,000 deaths. It started when two soldiers stole a bucket from a well from the city center.
If your throat tickles, scratching your ear can make it go away.
If you were to have your picture taken by the very first camera, you’d need to sit still for 8 hours.
If you translate “Jesus” from Hebrew to English, the correct translation is “Joshua”. The name “Jesus” comes from translating the name from Hebrew, to Greek, to Latin, to English.
If you point your car keys to your head, it increases the remote's signal range. This works by using your brain to act as a radio transmitter.
If you multiply 1089 x 9 you get the exact reverse, 9801.
If you keep smelling something that is not really there, you may be experiencing the earliest symptoms of schizophrenia.
If you keep a goldfish in a dark room, it will become pale.
If you heat up a magnet, it will lose its magnetism.
If you cut down a cactus in Arizona, you be penalized up to 25 years in jail. It is similar to cutting down a protected tree species.
If you cut a starfish, it won’t bleed – it doesn’t have blood! Rather, they circulate nutrients by using seawater in their vascular system.
If you ate nothing but rabbit meat, you would die from protein poisoning. This would be a mixture of too much protein and an absence of fat in the diet.
If the electors of the Holy Roman Emperor did not vote within 30 days, they were only allowed to eat bread and water, and forbidden to leave the city.
If a snake has it’s head chopped off – that chopped-off head can still bite and unleash a huge amount of venom.
Iceland was chosen as the training ground for Apollo astronauts because it was the most “moonlike” surface.
Iceland has a dating app that stops you hooking up with your cousin.
Iceland does not have a railway system.
IKEA is an acronym which stands for Ingvar Kamprad Elmtaryd Agunnaryd, which is the founder’s name, farm where he grew up, and hometown.
I Will Always Love You was originally written and recorded in 1973 by Dolly Parton. It was written as a farewell to her mentor of seven years.
Humans specifically have eyes that face forward for the purpose of seeing in 3D. On the other hand, vegetarian dinosaurs such as the Triceratops, had eyes that looked out to the side so they could stay vigilant watching for danger as they ate.
Humans have been performing dentistry since 7000BC, which makes dentists one of the oldest professions.
Humans cannot walk in a straight line without a visual point – When blindfolded, we will gradually walk in a circle.
Hugh Jackman often will tell paparazzi where he is when he goes home to Australia so they can get their photos then leave him alone for the rest of his visit.
Honey, and items immersed in honey, can be preserved for centuries. The long shelf life is due to an enzyme found in the stomachs of bees.
High heels are nothing new to the world. In the 18th Century, they were fashionable even for children.
Herring fish communicate by using flatulence.
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is the only film in the series not in the 50 highest-grossing films list.
Hard cheeses have a longer shelf live than soft cheeses.
Hanna-Barbera pitched The Flintstones to networks for 8 weeks before it was finally picked up. It became the first ever animated show to air during primetime.
Greenland voted to leave the European Union in 1985 and have not rejoined since.
God is the only Simpsons character who has five fingers. The rest of the characters are only seen with four.
Giving up alcohol for just one month can improve liver function, decrease blood pressure, and reduce the risk of liver disease and diabetes.
Give something back to the Earth on March 12th – because it’s officially known as “Plant a Flower Day”.
Giraffe hearts pump twice as hard as a cow’s heart, in order to get blood to its brain.
Ginger beer is brewed and fermented with ginger, while ginger ale is merely carbonated water flavored with ginger.
Geomelophagia is someone who has the urge to eat raw potatoes.
Gasping for air in a high altitude environment, plus UV light reflecting off snow will cause the roof of your mouth to get sunburnt.
Garlic is known to attract leeches.
Gaming-related accidents increased by 26.5% during the first 5 months of Pokémon Go being released. This included 2 deaths and $25.5 million in damages.
Fungus are more closely related to animals on a genetic level than they are to plants.
From 1937 to 1953, NBC’s Today Show had a chimpanzee co-host named J. Fred Muggs. It is estimated he brought in the network around $100 million.
Foxes have whiskers on their legs. This helps them with their bearings, especially when it’s dark outside.
Four of the top seven highest grossing films of all time were released in 2015. Avengers: Age of Ultron, Furious 7, Jurassic World and Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Four Nile crocodiles have been found in Florida. They are the second largest crocodile and are more dangerous than the native crocodiles and alligators in Florida.
Forrest Fenn, an art dealer and author, hid a treasure chest in the Rocky Mountains worth over 1 million dollars. It still has not been found.
Forgiveness is the number one trait linked to happiness in humans.
For her part as June Boatwright in the 2008 movie “The Secret Life of Bees“, Alicia Keys learned to play cello within 4 weeks.
Females are better at distinguishing colors, while males excel at tracking fast moving objects and discerning detail from a distance.
Feeding curry to a sheep reduces the amount of methane in its farts by up to 40%.
False eyelashes were invented in 1916, when a producer wanted to enhance an actresses’ eyes in a movie. The lashes were made of human hair.
Facebook will track and record nearly everything you do if you browse the web while logged in to your Facebook account.
Facebook causes you to overestimate how happy your friends are and, in turn, makes you more depressed.
Eye of newt, toe of frog, and wool of bat are just archaic terms for mustard seed, buttercup, and holly leaves.
Extreme ironing is a sport in which people take ironing boards to remote locations and iron items of clothing. It originated in England.
Every second, the human eye moves about 50 times.
Every Pixar movie contains a reference to the Pixar movie that comes after it.
Every 10 years, the human skeleton repairs and renews itself. Essentially, you have different bones now than you did 10 years ago!
Even though smoking has been banned on airplanes, ash trays are mandatory on every plane. This is for safe disposal in case someone breaks the law.
Even though Irish is the official language of Ireland, Polish is more widely spoken.
Erotomania is a psychological disorder where the sufferer has delusions that another person is in love with him or her.
English is not native to the British Isles. It was brought to Britain in the mid 5th to 7th Centuries by German, Danish, and Dutch settlers.
English accounts for 50% of visited webpages, even though the amount of English users is only 26%. Russian accounts for the 2nd most visited pages at only 6%.
Enceladus, one of Saturn’s smaller moons, reflects 90% of the sunlight, making it more reflective than snow.
Employees at MillerCoors get three free cases of beer each month, in addition to having access to beer and cider on location after a work day.
Eminem’s mother filed an $11 million defamation lawsuit against him because of his lyrics about her. She settled for $25,000 and $23,354.25 of that went to her lawyer.
Elvis was originally blonde. He started dying his hair black for an edgier look. Sometimes, he would touch it up himself using shoe polish.
Elephants think people are cute, the same way people think puppies or kittens are cute.
Elephants can die of a broken heart if their mate dies.
Einstein’s brain went missing when he died in 1955 and was lost for 23 years. The doctor who worked on his autopsy stole it and kept in a hidden cider box.
Eight of the ten largest statues in the world are of Buddha’s.
Egg yolks are one of the few foods that naturally contain Vitamin D.
Ed Sheeran has a ketchup bottle tattooed on his arm.
Ed Sheeran bought a ticket to LA with no contacts. He was spotted by Jamie Foxx, who offered him the use of his recording studio and a bed in his Hollywood home for six weeks.
Eating grapefruit can restrict the effects of 43 different kinds of medications.
Eating a banana can help to form a lining which prevents heartburn from getting worse.
Each day on Neptune lasts for around 16 hours, 6 minuets and 36 seconds.
During the first live iPhone presentation, Steve Jobs had to frequently switch phones behind his desk. Otherwise, it would run out of RAM and crash.
During the entire run of Gilligan’s Island, it was never revealed if “Gilligan” was his first or last name.
During the Prohibition era, the U.S. Government allowed Whiskey to be sold through pharmacies. As a result, Walgreens grew from 20 retail stores to almost 400.
During the 1908 Olympics in London, the Russians showed up 12 days late due to the fact that they were using the Julian calendar instead of the Gregorian calendar.
During a conversation each speaker’s “turn” averages 2 seconds, and the pause in between only 200 milliseconds. That figure is nearly universal.
During WWII, a U.S. naval destroyer won a battle against a Japanese submarine by throwing potatoes at them. The Japanese thought they were grenades.
During 1943, U.S. officials imposed a short-lived ban on sliced bread as a wartime conservation measure. It lasted less than 3 months.
During 1922 & 1933, The Coca-Cola Company was offered a chance to buy the Pepsi-Cola company, and it declined on three separate occasions.
Drinking water and staying hydrated will help the fluids in your sinuses from becoming sticky, which causes more snoring.
Drink green tea before bed to burn calories while sleeping. Green tea will also increase your metabolism.
Doug Engelbart created the very first computer mouse from wood in 1964.
Dogs with pointed and long faces tend to live longer than those which have flatter faces, such as pugs.
Dogs have a total of 42 teeth when they are fully-grown.
Dogs can be allergic to humans – specifically, their dander. While being treated for this allergy, it can take up to 12 months for a dog to recover.
Doggerland is the area of land connecting Great Britain to continental Europe. It was flooded by rising sea-levels (6500-6200 BC), turning Great Britain into an island.
Disney World is the second-largest purchaser of explosives in the United States, the first being the U.S. Department of Defense.
Disappointment Island is an uninhabited island in New Zealand. Over 65,000 pairs of white-capped albatross live there. In 1868, a steel tanker crashed on the island which killed 68 people, leaving the 15 survivors waiting 18 months to be rescued. In 1907, another ship ended up crashing there and 12 men drowned.
Dinosaurs would swallow large rocks which stayed in their stomach to help churn and digest food.
Dinosaurs that could run using just two legs are referred to as bipeds.
Despite being landlocked, Mongolia has a navy consisting of seven men and one vessel, the “Sukhbaatar III“, stationed on Lake Khövsgöl.
Despite Mercury being the closest planet to the Sun, Venus is the warmest planet.
Deep snow can sometimes appear blue in color because the extra layers of snow create a filter for light.
Dartmouth’s unofficial mascot is a beer keg called “Keggy the Keg”. Created in 2003, it was initially controversial but is now part of the Dartmouth culture.
Daniel Radcliffe was allergic to his Harry Potter glasses. He had an allergy to nickel, and they were quickly replaced with hypoallergenic specs.
Daniel Radcliffe broke over 80 wands while filming the Harry Potter movies because he used them as drumsticks!
Daniel Craig was an anonymous Storm Trooper in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Originally, he denied his cameo and claimed he wouldn’t bother being an extra in a movie.
Cucumber can actually cure bad breath. A slice pressed to the roof of your mouth for 30 seconds with your tongue allows the phytochemicals to kill the problematic bacteria.
Crows can remember the faces of individual humans. They can also hold a grudge.
Cranes are built using cranes.
Costa Coffee employs Gennaro Pelliccia as a coffee taster, who has had his tongue insured for £10 million since 2009.
Contrary to popular belief, only 45% of the London Underground is actually underground.
Comets only reflect 4% of the light that falls on them, the rest is absorbed.
Cold showers have more health benefits than hot or warm showers. These include improving circulation, stimulating weight loss, and easing depression.
Coca-Cola was the first drink that was ever consumed in space.
Coca-Cola was first served in 1886. At that time, only 9 colas were served in an average day, 3,285 a year. Today, 19,400 Coke products are consumed every second.
Coca-Cola owns all website URLs that can be read as ahh, all the way up to 62 h’s.
Clinomania is the excessive desire to lay in bed all day.
Chocolate ice cream has been proven to significantly reduce emotional and physical pain.
China is spending $3 billion dollars to build panda shaped solar farms in order to get more young people interested in renewable energy.
China has a series of underground tunnels running 3,000 miles long. They are used to store and transport mobile intercontinental ballistic missiles.
China banned Back to the Future because it contained time travel.
Chicken Run is the highest-grossing stop motion animated film, even beating The Nightmare Before Christmas.
Chewing gum boosts mental proficiency and is considered a better test aid than caffeine – but nobody knows why.
Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver has such severe dyslexia that he didn’t read his first novel until he was 38.
Cats which have blue eyes for the duration of their lives are likely to be deaf.
Cats can hear ultrasound.
Carrots have zero fat content.
Cards against Humanity bought an island in Maine to preserve wildlife. It is called Hawaii 2.
Captive tigers in the U.S. alone outnumber the amount of wild tigers worldwide.
Canadians say “sorry” so much that a law was passed in 2009 declaring that an apology can’t be used as evidence of admission to guilt.
Canada eats more macaroni and cheese than any other nation in the world.
Calling “shotgun” when riding in a car comes from the term “shotgun messenger”. This term which was used to refer to the guard who sat next to the Stagecoach driver. The guards would use a shotgun to keep robbers and criminals away. It made its way into society due to Hollywood’s love of Western flicks.
By mixing nonoplatelets from carrots and other root vegetables, concrete mixtures can be significantly strengthened, meaning less cement is needed to achieve the same effect.
By applying even pressure on an egg, it is nearly impossible to break the shell by squeezing it.
Butterflies have their skeletons on the outside of their bodies, this is known as the exoskeleton.
Bumblebees have hair on their eyes.
Bubble wrap was originally invented to be wallpaper. The creators tried to make plastic wallpaper with a paper backing, but it came out with plastic backing.
Brussels Airport is the world’s biggest chocolate seller, selling over 800 tons of chocolate a year.
Brain fibers lose 10% of their total length every decade. They can shrink even more so under acute stress.
Both of the drummers from Queen and Duran Duran had the same name – Roger Taylor.
Both U.S. and Soviet militaries have trained dolphins. They can be used for rescuing lost naval swimmers and locating underwater mines.
Bookworms are actual insects that bore holes in books. A major book feeding insect is a paper louse which feeds on microscopic mold in poorly kept books.
Bob Marley’s last words were “Money can’t buy life”.
Birds are the closest living relatives of crocodilians, as well as the descendants of extinct dinosaurs with feathers. This makes them the only surviving dinosaurs.
Bill Gates house was designed using a Macintosh Computer.
Between North and South Korea lies 155 miles of no man’s land where hundreds of rare animals species thrive.
Berries are simple fruits stemming from one flower. This means that pineapples, bananas, watermelon, pumpkins, and avocados are berries.
Being in a negative relationship can weaken your immune system.
Before finally being accepted, J.K. Rowling’s original Harry Potter pitch was rejected by 12 publishers.
Before Apple bought Siri, it was originally going to be released as an app for Android & Blackberry.
Bees actually have knees. The expression comes from the fact that they store large build ups of pollen in hairy baskets on their knees.
Because snow is composed of ice, it can be classified as a mineral. Water, however, does not fall under the same classification, and is not a mineral.
Because of its unique tilt, a single night on Uranus lasts for 21 years.
Barry Manilow wrote many famous jingles for companies like McDonald’s, State Farm and BandAids.
Back when dinosaurs existed, there used to be volcanoes that were erupting on the moon.
Baby rabbits are collectively known as litter.
Baby owls are called “owlettes”.
Baby horses can walk and run after just a few hours of being born.
August 17th is known as Black Cat Appreciation Day.
At the 1936 Olympic games, competitors from Liechtenstein were shocked to discover their flag was the exact same as Haiti’s. Liechtenstein added a crown to their flag a year later.
At birth, a baby panda is smaller than a mouse.
At any given moment, there are 1,800 thunderstorms happening on Earth. This amounts to 16 million storms each year.
Astronaut is a compound word derived from the two Ancient Greek words “Astro” meaning “star” and “naut” meaning “sailor”. So astronaut literally means “star sailor”.
As of September 2016, the Giant Panda was downgraded from “endangered” to “vulnerable” on the Global List of Species at Risk of Extinction.
As of December 2018, The Itchy & Scratchy Show that takes place within The Simpsons, has 107 episodes.
As a child, Jet Li performed with the Chinese National Wushu Team for President Nixon. Nixon asked him to be his personal bodyguard, but he declined.
Around 70% of people tilt their heads to the right rather than the left when kissing somebody else.
Around 15% of active Twitter accounts are social bots. This means there are nearly 48 million accounts that are not controlled by humans.
Arctic and Antarctic trace their names to the simple meanings of “Bears” and “Opposite the Bears”.
Arachibutyrophobia is the fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth.
April 12th is known as “Grilled Cheese Sandwich Day”.
Approximately 1,000,000 dogs in the U.S. are named as the heirs of their owners’ wills.
Approximately 1 in every 2,000 babies already has a tooth when they are first born.
Applying non-fat yoghurt to a sunburnt area is a natural way to deal with sunburn.
Apple seeds, cherry apricot, and peach pits contain cyanide, but it takes a large amount of each to actually make you sick or kill you.
Any prime number higher than three, when squared and subtracted by one, will always turn out to be a multiple of 24.
Antimatter is the most expensive substance on earth. It costs roughly $62.5 trillion per gram, or $1.75 quadrillion per ounce.
Antarctica is the only continent that turtles don’t live on.
Ant queens can live for up to 30 years.
Another term for your nieces or nephews would be “niblings”.
Animal’s yawn based on how large their brain is. The bigger the brain, the longer they will yawn.
Angelina Jolie performed her own stunts whilst filming Lara Croft: Tomb Raider.
Ancient Roman surgeons were trained to block out the screams of human pain.
An estimated 50% of all gold ever mined on Earth came from a single plateau in South Africa: Witwatersrand.
An amateur beekeeper and a group of scientists found that wax worms are capable of eating and breaking down plastic bags. The settings of a wax worm’s stomach can be recreated to safely dispose of plastic bags and bottles.
An adult’s kidney weighs about 142 grams and is the size of a fist.
An Italian banker, Gilberto Baschiera is considered a modern-day Robin Hood. Over the course of 7 years, he secretly diverted 1 million euros to poorer clients from the wealthy ones so they could qualify for loans. He made no profit and avoided jail in 2018 due to a plea bargain.
An 11-year-old girl proposed the name for Pluto after the Roman god of the Underworld.
America consumes almost 50% of the world’s chocolate.
Although the saltwater crocodile has the highest recorded bite force in any animal, the muscles to open its mouth are weak. Its mouth can be shut with a couple layers of duct tape.
Although many people think shaving causes the hair to grow back quicker, there is no scientific evidence for this.
Although dingoes are about the same size as a Springer Spaniel, they are brave enough to target an adult kangaroo when hunting in packs.
Although Saturn is the second largest planet in our solar system, it is also the lightest planet!
Although GPS is free for the world to use, it costs $2 million per day to operate. The money comes from American tax revenue.
Allodoxaphobia is the fear of opinions.
All the paint on the Eiffel Tower weighs the same as ten elephants. It gets repainted every seven years without closing to the public.
Alexander Hamilton was shot and mortally wounded by Aaron Burr on the same spot that his son had been killed 3 years before, and by the same set of pistols.
Albert Einstein had mastered calculus by the tender age of 15.
Alaska is the only state in America that can be typed on one row of a traditional English QWERTY keyboard.
Airport runway numbers actually indicate direction on a compass.
Aggressive sitting is a sport. It originated in Berlin no later than 2008. You can purchase a special stool for this sport for around 70 dollars.
After the release of the 1996 film Scream, which involved an anonymous killer calling and murdering his victims, Caller ID usage tripled in the United States.
After a waitress at a pizzeria helped a customer choose the numbers for a winning lottery ticket in 1984, he “tipped” her $3,000,000 – half of his $6,000,000 prize money.
Aeroflot Flight 593 crashed because the pilot let his kids fly the plane, who unknowingly disengaged the autopilot function. The crash killed everyone on board.
Adult cats only meow at humans, not other cats. Kittens meow to their mother but once they get a little older, cats no longer meow to other cats.
According to scientists, the weight of the average cumulus cloud is 1.1 million pounds.
Abraham Lincoln loved cats and once let one eat from the table during a formal White House dinner.
About 25% of all blood from the heart goes into the kidneys.
A woman was elected to the US House of Representatives four years before women even won the right to vote.
A woman once tried to commit suicide by jumping off the Empire State Building. She jumped from the 86th floor but was blown back onto the 85th floor by a gust of wind.
A water dropwort is a highly poisonous plant. If it kills you, it can cause you to smile after you die. This is called a sardonic grin.
A sunset on Mars is blue.
A snail can sleep for 3 years.
A single strand of Spaghetti is called a “Spaghetto”.
A red blood cell takes only about 20 seconds to make a complete circuit through your body.
A polygon with 30 sides is a triacontagon.
A mason in 1700’s Jerusalem left his wooden ladder behind after doing some work on a church and now it can’t be moved without the agreement & permission of six different Christian leaders.
A man, Ben Sliney, grounded 4,000 commercial planes across the United States on 9/11 due to the attacks – it was his first day on the job.
A man with severe OCD and a phobia of germs attempted to commit suicide with a gun to his head. Instead of killing him, the bullet eliminated his mental illness without any other damage.
A man named Ronald MacDonald robbed a Wendy’s in 2005.
A group of whales is called a pod.
A group of parrots is known as a pandemonium of parrots.
A group of horses will not go to sleep at the same time – at least one of them will stay awake to look out for the others.
A females heart is smaller than a males by about 25%. Because of this, the female heart has to beat around six times more than a male heart to pump the correct amount of blood around the body.
A dog was the first living creature to be sent into space in 1957.
A crocodile escaped out of a duffel bag onboard a flight in the Congo, causing everybody to go to the front of the plane. This caused the plane to crash, leaving only one survivor.
A cluster of bananas is called a “hand”. Along that theme, a single banana is called a “finger”.
A bottle of Coca-Cola has a PH scale of 2.8, and could dissolve a nail in just 4 days.
A Dutch start-up company have been able to start training wild crows so that they pick up cigarette butts and put them in bins for a peanut as a reward.
A Brussels airline flight to Vienna was aborted because the pilot was attacked in the cockpit. The attacker was a passenger’s cat.
A 26 sided shape is known as a rhombicuboctahedron.
A 23 sided shape is called an Icosakaitrigon.
A 2017 survey found Paraguay to be the happiest country in the world for the second year in a row.
85% of people have experienced a dream so real that they were not sure if it happened in real life or not.
85% of Valentine’s Day Cards are bought by women.
79% of pet owners sleep with their pets.
75% of the world’s diet is produced from just 12 plant and five different animal species.
7% of all American adults believe that chocolate milk comes from brown cows. That works out to 16.4 million people.
65% of autistic kids are left-handed, and only 10% of people in general are left-handed.
500 seeds of 5 different types of seeds were taken into orbit around the moon, and later planted around the U.S. as well as a few countries. They were called Moon Trees.
30 of the first 31 popes were murdered. Most of them were martyred, but not all causes of their deaths are known.
28 is the atomic number of Nickel, and the atomic mass of Silicon.
27,000 trees are cut down every day to supply the world’s toilet paper.
26 is the atomic number of iron.
1912 saw the last Olympic gold medals made entirely out of gold.
15% of iPhone users use an iPhone with a broken screen.
12% of the world’s total languages is found in Papua New Guinea, which has over 820 indigenous languages. There are more languages on this island than any other country.
10% of Filipinos (approximately 10 million people) live overseas. The country with the highest amount is the United States with almost 4 million Filipinos.
